Document "count" operator (#6439)
brimdata/zed: book/src/super-sql/operators/count.md

### Operator

[✅](../intro.md#data-order)&emsp; **count** &mdash; emit a running count of input values

>[!TIP]

> > For final counts across all input values, see the [count](../aggregates/count.md) aggregate function.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
> For a final counts of all input values, see the [count](../aggregates/count.md) aggregate function.
```

### Synopsis

```
count [ <record-expr> ]
```
### Description

The `count` operator produces a running count of input values as a field in
an output record, including some or all of parts of input values in the output.

If the optional `<record-expr>` is absent, the output record contains the
input value in an element of [derived field name](../types/record.md#derived-field-names)

> `that` and a field of name `count` that contains the numeric count.

Reviewer: Nit: I think a "show, don't tell" approach makes this clearer and more concise. I'd also move it after the next paragraph.

```suggestion
Without `<record-expr>`, `count` is equivalent to `count {that:this,count}`.
```
